moosburg
Dreyer today
or can
ladies and gentlemen please welcome
president and ceo automobili lamborghini
stefan spelled on
if we all of Sunday but probably not
are very proud of the new
lamborghini hula klp 610 stroked here
Today, six of our employees are with us
me here on stage and they are
we represent for all of them
participated in this project
they come from the departments of research
and development they come from the
Quality from the purchase you come from
the production and they come from the
Finance Department and from the quality
they are young they are very good
educated and of course they are tall
motivated
the rc I just want to
or core is like in the best
lamborghini tradition the name of one
struggle
he has in the nineteenth century in
Alicante lived and how could you
expect us differently he is in arena
has remained undefeated and will be back to
the car comes the design is complete
new it has nothing to do with the calendar
do it and it 's still immediately as one
true lamborghini recognizable filippo
we have perini and his team
really done an excellent job
And if you have the concept of the vehicle
then want to reduce to two words
the incentive technology for us
one side full of technical
innovation and on the other side
really fits this car like
Tailored to each one of themselves
inside puts extremely comfortable in the
City very fast and safe on the
racing track and to the technical
highlights just a few of them
that has a hybrid chaussee easier and
stiffer a composite of carbon and
Aluminum one suction motor 5.2 liter v10
motor with 610 hp for the first time in the
history of a lamborghini
dual clutch transmission and we have
in this vehicle an addition
threes composite from all-wheel drive
Magne Wright damper control and dynamic
streaming and that ensures perfect
handling comfort safety and traction
and this car is natural
more powerful than the predecessor he
consumes less and has lower co2
emissions
I'll tell you everything else tomorrow 8
o'clock in the morning
I am looking forward to the stand
Tomorrow's mistake